i'm doing a shoe review again today and
today we're going to talk about the new
balance minimus road zeroes and we have
that here i have put about a hundred
miles on the shoe and so that got a
chance to using quite a bit in it's a
really nice shoe it's a very minimal
shoe again with the kind of the zero
drop and very minimal type of shoes that
that new balance has been really
focusing on in doing a lot of in the
last couple years it is a it is a zero
drop there's about a 12 millimeter drop
on both the heel as well as the 444 foot
so there is a zero drop as far as that
goes it does use the vibram spotted
outsole so you can kind of see here
there's not a whole lot of traction
underneath it and but it is it is a shoe
that's meant to be used on the road so
it's not something you want to really
take off the trails to take on the
trails or take off the pavement too much
it is a very minimal shoe it is about
6.1 else's so very lightweight shoe and
as you see it's very flexible I can
really you know bend it a number of
different ways you know as far as the
flexibility you can actually do a lot as
far as just the flexibility of the shoe
so it is a very minimal shoe to be sure
so for me and for other runners that are
just getting into using a minimal shoe I
would work it in very slowly kind of get
your feet and your legs and everything
used to wearing a very minimal shoe I
would probably compare it to wearing
actually the vibrams or or a very
minimal minimal shoe there really isn't
much and you can really feel a lot of
the road anything underneath you in this
shoe and so I I would you know I
recommend working it in slowly if you
haven't had or used this type of shoe
before I would definitely you know work
it in some your speed workouts or some
your track workouts first and get used
to it before you taking on too many
longer runs they fit and feel of it is
really nice I really do like the feel of
it you can kind of see it is a little
wider in the toe box here so for me I
have slightly wider feet so it is a nice
fit as far as that goes it wraps really
well again with the laces and on the
forefront there's a nice snug feeling to
the shoe and the whole upper and the
wrap on it is really nice it's breeze
really well and just hence it has a nice
feel to it but again it is a very there
there's not much to the shoe from the
top and the bottom so as far as you know
having to make any turns or or doing
anything too aggressive in the shoe
you're going to have not much there to
really wrap or provide any support for
fro the shoes so again very minimal shoe
one slightly unique feature is that it
has a it doesn't have a removable insole
so you can't really see inside but the
insole here is you can't take out so for
people that might replace or have some
additional support they put in the
actual insole of the shoe you can't
really do this can't really take out the
insole for their shoe but overall a very
good shoe I guess the the pros of it
would be really a basic shoe for someone
that's really we're looking to have that
very minimalist shoe I think it'd be
great for speed workouts getting on the
track and that type of type of training
I guess it depends on how you want to
use it for racing flag it's definitely
light enough to be a racing flat but
again it's very very minimal so if you'd
like to have a little bit of support or
cushioning when you're racing you might
want to go with more of a traditional
flat but this is a great shoe overall
the the drop accent or the cons I guess
for this shoe would be just that it does
take some while to get used to it
because there's really not much there
it's kind of very very minimal in all
aspects not just the cushioning and
support so getting used to it took is
still taking me a while and so you it's
not something that
every runner can just jump jump into and
start using right away so overall very
good shoe I think it really has its
place as far as what type of runner or
what type of workout you're using it in
but i do feel it's going to be a really
good shoe for me hopefully i can use it
for quite a bit just because there's not
much there in the in the cushioning
support or the shoe in general so as far
as longevity i'm hoping to get quite a
few miles out of bitches because there's
not a whole lot to really go bad on the
shoe unless I start wearing a hole in
them so I think it's going to be a good
shoe and overall I think it's definitely
recommended for a runner that's looking
to get into a very minimal shoe without
going to the extremes of you know
barefoot or to the vibram five bigger
type of shoe like that so overall very
good shoot